= validate-website - Web crawler for checking the validity of your documents

== INSTALLATION

=== Debian

  aptitude install rubygems ruby1.8-dev libxslt-dev libxml2-dev

=== RubyGems

  gem install validate-website

== SYNOPSIS

  validate-website [OPTIONS]
  validate-website-static [OPTIONS]

== DESCRIPTION

validate-website is a web crawler for checking the markup validity with XML
Schema / DTD and not found urls (more info doc/validate-website.txt).

validate-website-static check the markup validity of your local documents with
XML Schema / DTD (more info doc/validate-website-static.txt).

HTML5 support with Validator.nu Web Service.

== VALIDATE WEBSITE OPTIONS

  -s, --site SITE
      Website to crawl (Default: http://localhost:3000/)
  -u, --user-agent USERAGENT
      Change user agent (Default: Anemone/VERSION)
  -e, --exclude EXCLUDE
      Url to exclude (ex: redirect|news)
  -f, --file FILE
      Save not well formed or not found (with -n used) urls
  -c, --cookies COOKIES
      Set defaults cookies
  -m, --[no-]markup-validation
      Markup validation (Default: true)
  -n, --not-found
      Log not found url (Default: false)
  --[no-]color
      Show colored output (Default: true)
  -v, --verbose
      Show detail of validator errors (Default: false).
  -q, --quiet
      Only report errors (Default: false).
  -d, --debug
      Show anemone log (Default: false)
  -h, --help
      Show help message and exit.

== EXIT STATUS
0::
  Markup is valid and no 404 found.
64::
  Not valid markup found.
65::
  There are pages not found.
66::
  There are not valid markup and pages not found.

== On your application ==

  require 'validate_website/validator'
  body = '<!DOCTYPE html><html></html>'
  v = ValidateWebsite::Validator.new(Nokogiri::HTML(body), body)
  v.valid? # => false

== REQUIREMENTS

See validate-website.gemspec file.

== CREDITS

* Thanks tenderlove for Nokogiri, this tool is inspired from markup_validity.
* And Chris Kite for Anemone web-spider framework.

== MORE INFO

The HTML5 support is done by using the Validator.nu Web Service, so the content
of your webpage is logged by a tier. It's not the case for other validation
because validate-website use the XML Schema or DTD stored on the data/ directory.

Please read http://about.validator.nu/#tos for more info on the HTML5
validation service.

== CONTRIBUTORS

* François de Metz (francois2metz)

== LICENSE
The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2009-2011 Laurent Arnoud <laurent@spkdev.net>
